Feat/split license statuses (#681)
csg-org/CompactConnect: backend/compact-connect/docs/README.md

| homeAddressStreet1* | First line of provider's street address | String (max 100 chars) | 123 Main St |
| licenseType* | Type of professional license. Types you provide must be associated with the compact you are uploading for. | One of: `audiologist`, `speech-language pathologist`, `occupational therapist`, `occupational therapy assistant`, `licensed professional counselor` | occupational therapist |
| ssn* | Social Security Number | Format: XXX-XX-XXXX | 123-45-6789 |

> | licenseStatus* | Current status of the license. "active" means they are allowed to practice their profession. *Note: licenses will automatically be displayed as `inactive` on or after their date of expiration, even if the last updload still showed them as `active`.* | One of: `active`, `inactive` | active |

Reviewer: I'm probably misremembering, but didn't @isabeleliassen mention that licenses _are_ active on their expiration date?

```suggestion
| licenseStatus* | Current status of the license. "active" means they are allowed to practice their profession. *Note: licenses will automatically be displayed as `inactive` after their date of expiration, even if the last upload still showed them as `active`.* | One of: `active`, `inactive` | active |
```

| licenseStatusName | An optional more descriptive name of the license status. | String (max 100 chars) | SUSPENDED |

> | compactEligibility* | Whether this license makes the licensee eligible to participate in the compact. Cannot be `eligible` if licenseStatus is `inactive`. *Note: licenses will automatically be displayed as `ineligible` on or after their date of expiration, even if the last upload still showed them as `eligible`.* | One of: `eligible`, `ineligible` | eligible |

Reviewer: What does "the" compact mean in this case? Can we spell that out a bit more? Also, are there docs somewhere describing why this may be eligible or ineligible? Could we at least add a sentence, e.g., "...makes the license eligible to participate in the compact based on the compact's requirements."

I just got a little confused seeing a 'compact' field on what should be raw license data from the state. I may be overthinking this, though.

| homeAddressStreet1* | First line of provider's street address | String (max 100 chars) | 123 Main St |
| licenseType* | Type of professional license. Types you provide must be associated with the compact you are uploading for. | One of: `audiologist`, `speech-language pathologist`, `occupational therapist`, `occupational therapy assistant`, `licensed professional counselor` | occupational therapist |
| ssn* | Social Security Number | Format: XXX-XX-XXXX | 123-45-6789 |

> | licenseStatus* | Current status of the license. "active" means they are allowed to practice their profession. *Note: licenses will automatically be displayed as `inactive` after their date of expiration, even if the last updload still showed them as `active`.* | One of: `active`, `inactive` | active |

Reviewer: `updload` -> `upload`

| licenseStatusName | An optional more descriptive name of the license status. | String (max 100 chars) | SUSPENDED |

> | compactEligibility* | Whether this license makes the licensee eligible to participate in the compact based on the compact's requirements. Cannot be `eligible` if licenseStatus is `inactive`. *Note: licenses will automatically be displayed as `ineligible` on or after their date of expiration, even if the last upload still showed them as `eligible`.* | One of: `eligible`, `ineligible` | eligible |

Reviewer: Should this also say, "~on or~ after their date of expiration"?
